good night guys it's Greg skits and time
once again but today's another viewers
recipe this one sent in to me from Nick
over there in New York City
yee-haa Mikasa Harrison High School yeah
and he sent me in a really nice-looking
recipe for a hot dog
so come on Nick let's give it a go if it
gets you old Greg I made a thumbs up or
big thumbs down let's go
okay so for this recipe what you're
going to need is some bread some hot
dogs your favorite herbs and spices and
he also suggested some cheese tomato
sauce and mustard and of course my
suggestion is some butter okay so the
first thing we're going to do is start
cooking these hotdogs throw those on fit
them around a bit get on the bout half
cooked now while those hotdogs are
cooking we're getting warm at least
we've just got a roll some bread out
like this nice and flat we then add some
of the herbs and spices of our choice he
reckons garlic powder is a must so I'll
definitely put some of that on Dona Dona
an ad now now paprika whack some of that
on as well now might make that one
Nick's one and then I'll make this one
my one so I'm going to just put a bit of
mustard and ketchup on just a little bit
might spread that out the heck I'll
throw some cheese in there too ah now we
get these half cooked sausages oh and
just roll them up like this might push
them down on the seam try and get them
to stick and now all we need to do is
stick them on the pan and toast the
toast I reckon some butter might help it
along a bit faster coat that bread in
the butter and this toasting will also
help cook the inside of the sausages a
bit more oh yeah they look so good I
can't wait to try these YUM our well
Nick there's your sausage right there in
my hand
haha it looks pretty good to girls oh
let's give it a go
well Nick from Harrison high school yeah
over there in New York USA yeah
it's talking y'all Gregg I made on your
hot dogs let's see how it goes
oh oh ah oh hey hey where are you going
ah dude though is sensational I better
try mine with the added extras you
reckon you've got a recipe as easy as
simple as that let me know send me a
message right here on youtube or on my
Facebook page link below and you too
could have me make your recipe for the
world anyway guys thanks for watching
remember to subscribe for more and I'll
see you next time right here on Greg's
kitchen we're stretched kitchenware next
tasty sausage was delay